Theorhythm has had an interesting course of games. The album played style of the original release, the more expected select-whatever-you-want style of curtain call, and then an arcade game with a unique input method yet still a touchscreen.
And now, the arcade game comes to the Switch as Theorhythm's final bar line. House Biscuit doesn't pre-order, but this voiceover guy made an exception.
This is your music game update. Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you more about this and the rest of the week's gaming news, starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet. Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio. We are live once again with episode number 947 of our show for tonight, February the 5th, 2023. I can't believe it's already February, but you know what, I don't control time.
My name is Rob Roberts, and what I do control is being here every Sunday night with you all at nine o'clock Eastern, six o'clock Pacific at The Voice Geeks Network twitch.tv slash vog network right after our pal Bobby Blackwolf, who is also on Sunday night's live. But of course, you can listen to us as a podcast as well where we've been available pretty much ever since podcasting has existed, and all your favorite apps such as iTunes, Spotify, what have you. I am joined tonight not by dark soccer or Jamie Summers. Unfortunately, she has fallen
ill. She's a bit under the weather. She's got more on her Twitter if you want to check that out over dark Sakura. But her voice is a little bit not able to do the length of the show tonight as a result. So obviously, I hope she recovers real soon and hoping to have her back on the show next week. Who I do have, though, is techmaster Loki here as always say hello, Loki.
Hello, how are you doing? I'm doing okay. I see here as we're broadcasting live you you tend to play some video games behind you on your, you know, little chat box screen discord box. And we've got some classic Zelda Wind Waker it looks like and this is I can tell by the three by four. This is the original Wind Waker and not the remake that they put on. That was on Wii U but then I think they put it on switch as well. I have a hard time. They never put only on Wii U. I feel
like everything on Wii U showed up on switch at some point. I have a hard time following sometimes. But why Wind Waker?
Um, because I went to the retro game store recently. And I was looking for well, we were looking for a few things. So I was telling my kids about like the Zelda DS games and stuff like that. So we're looking to see if we can find them because we went to a GameStop and they only had ochre enough time, which I did buy. But
like, like, it's just all part of that speculative market right now. Like the retro games that they have at the store are so expensive. They wanted and it wasn't a sealed copy, like $120 for Wind Waker.
Like, no, no, no, you're better off trying to find that type of stuff at an estate sale or something.
You can find an eBay much cheaper than that. Like even like
market who tends to mark up a little bit. I don't think marks up that high unless you have a permanent vendor.
It was ridiculous. I get it for like sealed games and stuff like that. But like non sealed stuff. No, like I have Wind Waker somewhere. My sister is borrowing it with my GameCube and lost it somewhere. I don't know where it is. But she had it at one point. But yeah, it's
do you think the retro game market is is on this like get rich quick thing because of all these stories we hear about Super Mario Brothers sealed boxes. Well, it was a whole it was a whole incident with that. But yeah, or or things that really are rare like that that Power Pad get stadium events or whatever the Power Pad game was before it became a world class track meet.
It's it's it is driven by that group. I mean, there's videos about it, like Carl jokes has done videos about the whole market. It's, it's artificially being inflated by them. It's, you know, basically the company that does the grading is own or they're in cahoots with the auction house. So obviously, it's well worth it for them to grade things higher than they probably should be. And then on top of that, they're selling it back to
themselves for $100,000. So like you watch like, who bought that first Super Mario Brothers or Super Mario 64, whatever it was that went for like over $100,000. It was somebody that was part of that auction house that bought it. So it's really dumb like these things. They're trying to do that to drive inflation in the market so they can turn a profit like a really huge profit on these things. And it's starting to crash now to like a lot of the game prices have dropped significantly, like
almost 75% from where they were before. But these guys did the same thing back in the 80s as well with I think like coins and I think they like same thing with a beanie baby stuff. They artificially inflate stuff by basically selling to themselves like they tried that with NFTs to like people tried.
Oh yeah, of course. I was just about to say it feels a lot like NFTs and Bitcoin.
Yeah, and it's it's unfortunate because it probably won't ever get back down to where things were before it will be more expensive. But yeah, it's like even just in the few months since I bought like my last NES games, because I went there and bought a bunch of things. But like, I was looking at like the different games that they had, like Mega Man and stuff like that they had a Mega Man, it was not sealed, just Mega Man one. They think they wanted like
it was just just Mega Man. It was
well, it was open. It was like it is an open copy. It's used. They wanted over $60 for that. I think it was 60 or $100 for that thing. I was like, no, like, I'm not gonna pay that
when you can get a lot of those games, you know, like in the digital market, and I get I get to a collector that doesn't mean anything. Like I remember when Suikoden 2 came out on PlayStation three in the PlayStation one classics catalog, because that game and the original Suikoden as well, because those games were very rare to find on PlayStation. And people were worried that it was going to cut the value of those CDs, but hooray accessibility for the rest of us, right, being able to get those games, you know, if we didn't have them, and now of course, the remasters are on their way, which is
also great news. But yeah, I just I think about stuff like that is that, you know, especially Mega Mega Man has been done a lot, you know, the legacy collection. Yeah.
And it wouldn't even be like, I don't know, like, I have a collection of Nintendo games, but like, they're sitting in a pile right here on my computer. Like they're not being played like my the Nintendo or the what's that? And yeah, I don't remember what it's called now.
Those retron things.
It's not a retron. It's an AVS. So yeah, retro USB AVS. So it does HD. It's like HD and covered in dust an HD. Like NES thing or something, but it like it's cool. It'll do like both the Famicom and the NES games in in HD. Plus I have a regular Nintendo as well.
If I don't want it to be in HD, but I just thought it's easier because I don't know, it's not as, you know, clean. And I just wanted to have like a small collection of games. It's just stuff I used to play. I remember like I bought Contra from that store, like not that long ago. It was like 12 bucks, went back there, you know, yesterday, and it was like $60. So it's, it's just dumb. Like, you can like honestly get that stuff much cheaper online now, like because it it is really
ridiculous, especially open games like sealed, I get it sealed, maybe really inflated, but open use stuff like I just don't get that these games aren't rare. Like Wind Waker is not a rare game by far. And it's just, I don't know.
They're trying to play into that people immediacy of people wanting it now or whatever, you know,
I mean, like, yeah, it's like Wind Waker, like, honestly, I'll just pirate that. I mean, I'll play it on an emulator in something like that.
It's a valid thing that the market should have to contend with in this day and age. You know what I mean? Like the reality is, there's so many ways to emulate that stuff, too.
Yeah, it's mainly I was just trying to share it with my kids is really the the goal behind it, especially like the DS stuff. Like I, I don't even know why by why we bought Ocarina of Time for the DS, or it wasn't the SS 3DS, but he's gonna be playing on 2DS. But at the same time, like, you know, actually, now that I think of it, we have that Nintendo online thing, like you probably just play it through there, and they would probably control better anyways, but whatever, you know, it was 25 bucks, whatever.
I don't know. It's just silly. Like it really is.
All right, heading over to our chat over twitch.tv slash vog network because again, we tape live and you guys can comment along with the show. And there's actually a few people chime in on this topic because we have a lot of listeners that are into retro collections or have a passion for retro gaming, understandably.
Dr. Sia says reminds me of this time I was down here in 2013. The shop we went into wanted 50 bucks for cart only Donkey Kong classics on NES. Yeah, that's not a particularly rare game either. I think if you could find Donkey Kong or Donkey Kong Jr. on its own, which I do believe they did at one point, I know three was its own cart. I thought they did Jr. on its own cart, but pretty early on, they merged regular and Jr. into the Donkey Kong classics cart, which was not an uncommon find that
that they had as they had a common cartridge. They had a Donkey Kong. Just straight up Donkey Kong there for the NES. I don't remember how much
find those carts. Those are much rarer because they make nearly as many of them as they did classics. That's for sure. Or even a three probably because that game was really overlooked. Let's see other comments in chat here. Quest Buster says years ago I was looking for a copy of Snatcher for the Sega CD and pieced one together from two different auctions to make it cheaper. And a lot of people kind of say like online seems to be the way to go for some of these things. And yeah, I think kind of what I was referencing there is that a lot of these markets
may be praying and of sort I don't want to. I realize a lot of folks that run these stores are just people passionate about this as well trying to make a living and they have to price it where they feel they need to price it. So I don't want to make it sound like they're intentionally trying to
gouge but they're they are hoping that you need that immediacy of having this cart now or having this collectible now there is a sense of that that makes the market up.
Yeah, there's there's like, I mean, honestly, there were like things I was like, you know, I would have paid like there was, I don't remember what it was, it was something something that they had, I wanted to get a Legend of Zelda is what I wanted. And I know they said, Zelda to Adventures of Link, I think that they had a Zelda but I'm like, I don't know how much that is. And I really don't want to just pay like $60 for this. Like, honestly, when I'm looking for stuff like retro games, like I don't need a case for it doesn't
need to be in a box as long as it doesn't have like, like gross, you know, jam hand kid residue on the cartridge. And as long as like it's it's somewhat intact, you know, like, like, that is all that I care about. Maybe the label not like torn, you're just like, kinda, it can be dirty. That's fine. I've cleaned like several of these cartridges before but like, I'm not it's not a high bar to hit like really when I'm looking for stuff. So it's
she sounds like the villain in the next pixel poops game. Just saying.
Yeah.
All right. Dr. T says I think the rare one is DK Junior math for some reason that that was a thing. And that was a game for sure. And it's it is it wasn't that first wave of releases one of the black box original Nintendo releases. And I believe I think Nintendo was probably forced into doing that game because edutainment was
kind of a thing right around that time because there's that whole video games or rot your brain thing going on in the in the media a lot right so a lot of times game companies would have to try to put out something to show oh no games can be very educational like here's Donkey Kong Jr. teaching math and it's not a great game but it's there or Mario is missing. It was another one of those or but then of course we all know some edutainment games were so good they're etched in our brains now such as the Oregon Trail number munchers
Carmen San Diego you know there are a lot of games that did it very well for sure so dark to see it says there was a Japan exclusive one that was hangman but with Popeye that has surprised me as well. That's pretty cool. Also in chat, some comments on theater them going all the way back to Jason's introduction tonight. Some folks that were saying they didn't realize that theater that was an arcade game. Yeah, it was it was never officially released in America. But round one entertainment, which is in America that imports all the Japanese games, you could play it at
around one. I think by now the servers. I think the servers are offline at this point. You don't really see those machines in the wild. If you're lucky enough to know a private collector, you might still be able to play that arcade machine. But yeah, there was an arcade machine. It was really good. I loved it. I did get to play it a few times. And it had a similar version of the EMUs card that Konami has as a similar version of that. I don't remember the name of it. Somebody in chattel probably shouted out. Nesca maybe it was called
or that might have been one of the other companies, but they had its own card that you could save your scores and that whole thing too. Jijirome says Nesca. Okay, so I was I was close. So it was a card like that. So um, yeah, unfortunately, dark to see if you haven't played it yet. I doubt you're gonna find it at around one anymore. I think the servers were finally shut down. But the good news is, we have final barline that's going to be coming out pretty soon. And we'll talk about much more about that later in the show, because there's a demo that came out this week. So we'll get into that in a little while.
Also, also with some of those games, you know, with it, since most modern arcade games nowadays run on PC, some of the darker parts of the web, you may be able to find a version of the game that you can run on your PC and play it at home.
Mm hmm. Same as that.
So as kids that grew up on this stuff are now 40 somethings, like those of us hosting OLR and so forth, as the generations have gotten older, I think you see more and more video games in pop culture. And a huge example of that I know if I don't bring it up, somebody's gonna say in chat, why didn't you bring this up? A huge example of that would be last night's Saturday Night Live. I don't know if you saw this Loki, but Pedro Pascal apparently was the host who plays Joel in Saturday or in
The Last of Us, which is which is doing very well on HBO.
And yeah,
my wife is watching it without me right now.
Yeah, okay. Because it's on right now during the show, which by the way, you can watch on HBO Max anytime you want. You don't need to do it right now. But apparently last week's episode in particular was like people are saying like, if this doesn't win Emmys, then the Emmys are a joke. Like last week's episode was that good. And it also apparently was the first episode that DV and yes, I know all about what
happened and why in particular the story may resonate with me. Yes, I've heard everything about that. But but apparently it was their first place where they deviated from the game a little bit to tell a deeper backstory that wasn't in the game. And, of course, because of the fact that it involved the same sex romance. You know, people on the internet had something to say about it, as they tend to do. I don't have time to get hung up on what those people
think. I'm just very glad that the art exists. I'm glad it's getting made. I'm somebody I'm glad somebody paid for that to be made. I'm glad that such talented actors like Nick Offerman and Murray Bartlett did that role and played it to apparently perfection. I haven't seen the episode myself, but all I've heard is that it was really good. So I don't remember where I was going with this, but The Last of Us is doing great. And you know, this whole, they can't make good art out of video games. Curse is broken. Oh, yeah, the haters. I wanted to respond to the haters. So the haters are
saying, Oh, it deviated in. But if you wanted to see a shot for shot remake of the video game, play the video game. It's not going anywhere. And by the way, those same characters were gay in the video game. Gay. By the way, the creator of the video game is also working on the story of the show. So like, this is what they wanted to have to explore with it. So it's like,
it sounds to me again, I am not a huge Last of Us fan, not not a hater. I just don't have time to play every single video game. Right. But I honestly, the more I'm hearing about this, the more I'm like, okay, maybe I should just get over my I don't love to watch scary zombie stuff and watch this because apparently there's a lot more art there than you know what I'm giving it credit for what have you. So anyway, yes. And Bobby says we got on this tangent because of SNL. Yes, I sure did. So last I started out live did that whole Mario Kart
sketch, which you know, had Pedro Pascal as Mario and it was like a dark version of Mario and it was, it was really funny. But you have to kind of look at that. And what I really, really was getting at before was about the whole like video games will rot your brain. Here we are now full circle that when Saturday Night Live is making references about video games like Mario Kart, it's because everybody's played Mario Kart. And it's interesting that they picked Mario Kart in particular, they didn't pick Super Mario Brothers with the movie coming out.
They picked Mario Kart. But like, seriously, way more people know Mario Kart and have played Mario Kart than don't at this point, no matter what your age, what's your gender or any of that stuff. It's, you know, Mario Kart, Mario Kart is a universal language at this point. And that's what made that sketch so good, I think. And so many people laughed and liked that. So yeah, I just, I had to bring it up. It was really, it was funny and well done. Yeah, and Tigerclaw points out the production value on that sketch was pretty good.
The art department was really working over time for that.
Yeah. A lot of people are like, I would watch that show. I got 90s Super Mario Brothers movie vibes, but like, not in a bad like a lot of you gonna be like, I like how they remember how he was kind of trying to go like, dark and gritty. Yeah, it's like,
I like how they were making fun of like the the Chris Pratt, like react, like the reaction to his voice in the Mario trailer and stuff because they did the two lines from the trailer in that and it was great.
Yeah, so I and of course, I love the whole Bo and Yang, who I think is hilarious doing the whole like, I'm Yoshi and I'm bisexual. It's funny.
I'm Toad and I'm also bisexual.
But didn't he do it in the voice?
Yeah, it's just it was hilarious. The whole thing was just like, it's it's just silly. I mean, that's what it's supposed to be. Like, I don't know, people are getting bent out of shape about that.
Saturday Night Live is supposed to be funny. It isn't always but
we live in the 21st century and there are people that are bisexual out there. I know. Don't be alarmed. But they're out there. You know? So
what? I don't know. Oh, my God. All right. Yeah. Tiger call. I was saying people were calling for Pedro Pascal to be the voice of Mario in the animated movie. I'm gonna put it this way. A lot of people that would say that about Pedro Pascal, including me, would also say that Pedro Pascal can do anything he wants.
Yeah, to me.
Okay, yeah, you can do whatever you want to rub.
All right. Anyway, uh, let's see. Um, well, I want to get into tonight's topic, too. I actually want to address something else. I know we're being a little light heartened. I hate to bring things down. I didn't warn you about this, Loki. But I got a vent about something kind of going on a little bit personally, because we do that here on the show sometimes, right? It's a long show, because sometimes we talk about what's going on in our personal lives and so forth.
And I want to bring this up, because I think when I'm in like a weird headspace, I think we should be transparent about that sort of thing. You know, because it's it's okay to not be okay, right? I'm not saying I'm not okay. But like, definitely my day just got like, like, derailed a little bit.
Um, I found out earlier to y'all know, I play Ingress, right? And which is, you know, the same company that makes Pokemon Go. And, you know, out of these GPS locations, you take, you know, things in the park, and you know, the same things that are pokey stops and that sort of thing in Pokemon Go. And it's like a player versus player game. There's a lot of, there's a lot of intense strategy that goes on in it, right? Because it is player versus player, and you're always kind of trying to think two steps ahead of what the other team might be doing. And you're, you know, planning with the other team, and you're, you know, planning with the other team, and you're, you know, planning with the other team, and you're, you know, planning with the other team, and you're, you know, planning with the other team, and you're, you know, planning with the other team, and you're, you know, planning with
other people on your own team, working together to get gear and all that stuff, right? So I don't mean
to be a commercial for the game, but I do play it a lot. It's been very good for like my exercise and
so forth. Um, long story long, I found out earlier today that one of my teammates that I played the
game with passed away on January 17th, actually, and we just found out about it today, just because
some mutual friends that we knew ended up doing, because we also seem to roll in some similar
communities. There was some overlap with like Rocky Horror leads to Goth leads to steampunk.
So we had some like common friends as well. And I, you know, I'm not looking for condolences or
anything like that. Thank you. I do appreciate it. But I was not super tight with this individual,
but we were two people playing the same game, who had that, you know, like professional, it sounds
weird to say, but we had that respect. I think that that gaming respect for each other. I knew
like, Hey, I need a teammate to do something for me. Like, Hey, I'm going to go drop this link.
Could you throw a blocker? Cause I see you're right here. Can you throw something so they
can't re-throw it? You know, he would do that sort of thing and I could do the same thing for
him or go bump a portal or whatever. Like that's, you know, we, we had a good professional game
and ship relationship. And, um, you know, it's a little weird to find out like two weeks after the
fact that that person is gone. I had noticed that he wasn't active in the game, but people go,
people go inactive for all sorts of reasons. They go on a trip, the holidays happen. They
just want a fricking break. And so it wasn't until I saw this post on Facebook from other
overlapping communities where it was like, we haven't heard from him in like two, you know,
two weeks where it was like, Oh, what's good. And then one thing led to another and, you know,
they found out that he had actually passed away. Um, but you know, thinking about all this in the
context of like video games, it really is just a harrowing reminder, especially because things
could get very intense in player versus player games sometimes like Ingress and there can be
smack talking sometimes and that sort of thing. It is a very harrowing reminder that we're all
fricking human. And especially in this gaming space, sometimes I'm not, this isn't like a call
out for Ingress or anything like that. It's just, this has me thinking about other video games and
some of the venom that I've seen in video games in like, let's say a Dead by Daylight post game
chat, an MMO party where somebody wasn't pulling their weight or didn't know the fights. So there's
other people that start yelling at them. The venom that happens on social media all the time,
you know, because of a gaming opinion, or because a certain person is involved with games or because
they changed the plot of a television show to tell a different artistic side of a story that
started in a video game, you name it. It's just one of those things where it is just a harrowing
reminder. Video games are played by people, actual living, breathing, existing people.
And spare me the talk about the AI that does things that games done quick. You all fucking
know that's not what I'm talking about right now. For the vast majority of games are done by people
and when you're playing against these Caesars, it's played by people. And yeah, what Mike Deaf
says in chat, we're all people in the end. And we never know when that end is going to happen. So
like just fucking treat gamers, treat people with that professional sportsmanship,
game and ship because we're all in this together. We're all a bunch of nerds.
I don't know. I don't know what else to say. It's just one of those things where it's like,
you know, I remember being at events with this guy where we're farming gear together and it was,
oh, you're here. Hey, how you doing? How you been? Oh, okay. Yeah. Hey, I think I saw you
with that thing. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, the catch up and it's just like one of those
things where you just kind of like realize like, fuck. I had my last conversation with him.
And now that's that. So anyway, yeah, thank you, Darcy. Darcy points out even with the robots,
people wrote the codes. That's for sure. All right. Anyhow, sorry, I had to get on a soapbox
a little bit there. But it's just, you know, I again, just that whole thing just led me to
thinking about and maybe this is part of like me reactivating Twitter again. And I had my reasons
for doing it. And if you want to see them go read my Twitter because that's really all I have to say
about it. But like, I'm gonna be honest, I don't enjoy being on Twitter. Not anymore. Because when
you read it, it's just a bunch of crap. And it's people wanting to block, cancel, ruin people,
people for whatever their opinion is that's different than theirs, whatever it is.
And when was the last time when in the history of ever was the last time that fuck you, you fucking
fuck change somebody's mind. You know what changed people's mind? Education. And if you can't
understand that, then you're part of the problem. Period. End of sentence. Anyway, I need to get off
my high horse before I say something that gets me in trouble. Let's see, Loki on a little bit more
of a light hearted note, I noticed you changed your background because clearly something I said,
set off like a memory thing for you.
No, this is originally what I wanted as my background, but I couldn't think of a way to do
it. And then I just figured out a way to do it.
So please help me lighten the mood. Let's talk about this. Speaking of AI,
talk about this latest phenomenon that is just it's awkward as hell.
Is it is great. It is so this is nothing forever. It is the it's an AI generated Seinfeld without
being Seinfeld. And it goes on forever has AI generated animation, AI generated dialogue,
AI generated voices. And it's just it's just Seinfeld forever. And it's it's it's silly.
And I don't understand why I've watched so much of it this week is beyond me, but it is entertaining
because it's so broken. And I love it. And it looks like like especially Larry, the main
character who is actually you know, obviously Jerry Seinfeld. Larry looks so much like Guybrush
Threepwood that I think that's what's fascinating as well. And then you have George who is in this
is Fred. And then I think Yvonne and I can't remember who Kramer's character is called, but
it's just silly and stupid. And broken. It's it's it's such a time waster, that's for sure.
Fifth Dream in chat says something sorry to go back to the previous topic, but I need to because
Fifth Dream in chat brings up an important point I need to clarify says, Nah, fuck you,
you fucking fuck is a lot less vile than we want to take away rights and I'll die on that hill
probably. I want to say something real quick. I didn't say I was talking about anything specific
in particular number one. So I want to make that that very clear. I'm not about to get into
any of the variety of the thousands of messes that are going on online. But I will just say
do do not throw rocks when you live in a glass house. That's for sure. Because and again,
do not do not make assumptions that you know what I'm talking about. But I'm just saying in general
what I see on social media is that people here's the thing. It blows my fucking mind that people
use Twitter in the first place as that. Are you not aware that there is one person that makes
money at Twitter? Are you not aware there is one person now there's no stockholders. There's no
board. There's one person at the end of the day that makes money. Do you know that that person
makes pronoun jokes? Do you know that that person denies science? Do you know that that person says
a variety of problematic things on that platform? And nobody cares. Everybody is turning a blind
eye to it. I have to turn a blind eye to it because no one else would leave that platform
behind. And for my own sanity of being able to promote my own stuff and you know use that
platform and not have myself be deplatformed this sort of thing, I had to reactivate. So
if you're starting a social justice war on Twitter, I don't know what to tell you. You
are willfully turning a blind eye. However, that being said, I do want to do this,
saying we'll take away rights and I'll die down on the hill. As is understandable. But again,
if you tell somebody fuck you, you fucking fuck, they're going to respond negatively in that sort
of thing. But if you tell them, hey, this is why this is a toxic thing. This is why I don't support
it. This is what it leads to. You educate them. You let them make the decision. And at the end
of the day, you can choose who you hang out with and who you don't. And believe me, believe me,
over the years, I've educated many people. And depending on how they respond to that,
I've chosen the company I keep from that. So anyway, I just needed to make sure I got it.
And I get it. And your point is valid. Catharsis is a thing. Sure, it is. But unfortunately,
it's become like a broken record on a lot of that stuff. So just food for thought. I'm sure
somebody will come at me on social media, but let me just tell you, I'm too old to really give a
fuck about it anymore. I'm just going to say, again, you better examine your own fucking house
before you come for mine. Because if you don't, I'll be very happy to point things out for you
if you try it. All right. Anyhow, let's lighten the mood here a little bit
and change the topic. Let's change the topic to one of our classic unfortunate punching bags of
the last few years ever since this show has gone downhill a little bit as well. Let's talk about
the latest and greatest with the E3 show. Loki, what do we want to talk about tonight?
So E3 is going forward, despite the fact that, you know, Sony, Microsoft,
Nintendo are not going to be going to E3. It's E3 without the, you know, three.
So. Reminds me of that EA Sports thing where they have like, it's a E, E, E, E, E, E.
But yes, IGN apparently spoke with, you know, Phil Spencer, and they said it was the timing of its
showcase and the convenient for the it's more convenient for the press and even consumers,
suggesting that they will be held at the same time as E3. Sony hasn't participated in E3 since
2018. And Nintendo, you know, they also haven't participated in E3 in a very long time.
Of course, the ESA has come out and addressed the issue. They have neither confirmed nor denied it.
It's probably true then. It's, you know, it's a bunch of fluff. I'm trying to like get through
the fluff here. Yeah, there's really nothing of importance that they say. It's just basically
talking about how important E3 is, except it's not going to be important because no one's going
to be there. So. I don't know, this this kind of comes off a lot like E for all back when they did
that thing, because most of the people weren't participating. I think actually they had Nintendo
at that point, but most studios were not participating. Microsoft did that show,
not Nintendo. Oh, okay. It's just, I think it's, it'd be interesting to see what their
turnout is this year. I think it's grossly unnecessary. But somebody's getting something
out of it. I'm sure. I, you know, what's, you know, what's funny, I actually, you know,
looking back, I know we all kind of like to joke about E for all, I actually think the industry
had a good idea there. I and I know, I know, laugh, do your thing. I actually think the
industry had a good idea there. The ESA just didn't know how to implement it because they're the ESA.
Especially how mismanaged the ESA was that time. Look at other conventions that celebrate
the gamers that are doing just fine for themselves, such as PAX, you know, for all the
criticisms I've lobbied at PAX over the years, they're making money, they're well attended.
And now the people behind PAX are coming in to do E3 to basically turn it into PAX Southwest.
That's, that's basically what it's going to be at this point. It's just PAX without the name PAX.
And, um, uh, you look at TwitchCon was very, you know, I think well attended and a really good
networking opportunity for gamers. And what did the industry love about E3?
Being able to be a networking opportunity for industry people, right? I think if they had
played E for all smarter, probably the ESA at that time should have let somebody else come in
and help them do that. And maybe they did, but if they did, they didn't show it very well. They
didn't, you know, do a very good job, whatever, you know, we all know how it, how it went.
But maybe if they had tried to play into a little bit sooner, the idea of getting influencers,
networking with other gamers and other, you know, content creators who existed at the time,
because I remember our old network, All Games Radio was there with a presence. I wasn't there
personally, but I know our old network was. So there was the concept of content creators,
podcasters, and all that stuff was around. And I think if E4ALL had played their cards better,
as opposed to, oh, we're just making E3, but everybody can come to it. I think it would have
done a lot better. And so what am I supposed to think of this new E3? Oh, oh, it's, it's like
E3, but everybody can come to it. Girl, we've been down this road before with the, so at least this
time, Readpop is doing it. I have my own problems with them based on history with PAX, but that's
fine. That's my issue. And I'm sure that the show itself will do okay. But what could be interesting
is this whole news. Now, have you heard this other rumbling about Microsoft is apparently doing a
show the week before? Have you heard that rumbling? I have not. But you know who else just announced
that they're doing a show the week before? Geoff Keighley, Summer Game Fest. Now we don't have
anything solid yet, but could it be that Geoff Keighley has done what the ESA don't
and created a new trade show that people want to go to? Does Geoff Keighley have that kind of power?
I would say yes. Has the ESA flopped that hard from the mismanagement of that company in the
mid, I know it has a different leader now than it did in like, I think the last guy was there from
like 2008 to like 2014 or something. That guy fucked the ESA. He did not know what he was doing
and that, you know, we all know that show lagged behind and so forth. So has Geoff Keighley become
relevant and a speaker for the gaming industry where the ESA has not? Yeah, I think he has.
I think Geoff Keighley has single handedly ended the ESA to some extent.
Am I being a little bit overdramatic? Maybe.
Like, I don't think we really need like, an entity that, you know,
defends game companies. Especially for all the stuff that they do nowadays.
Can I point something out? That's a great question. What the fuck does the ESA do?
Let's go to the source. Let's go to the source. The ESA is where the major players of the video
game industry work together to support the bright future of video games, right? We are the video game
industry re-managing entertainment for billions of players so that together we work to expand the
frontiers of what is possible in entertainment, and so forth. And then leaders, but it doesn't
really show about, okay, we do a smart advocacy, working with Congress and the administration.
What, what did you do? Protect the game industry, not to protect gamers.
What did you protect? Like, where were they like, with all these predatory practices that
people are implementing? No, they're for it. Let's, let's go to the press room. Let's go
to the press room and see. Let's see what kind of ongoing activism the ESA has done.
Let's see. Consumer video game spending is high. Okay. That the ESA had nothing to do with that,
but okay. Let's see. Oh, all the way back now to September. There has been one story
since September. There has been one thing the ESA has triumphed to success
that they had nothing to do with since September.
Okay. Let's see. In September, meet Rashi Sika, Ubisoft's VP of global diversity and inclusion.
Cool. I mean, that's, that's a great thing to highlight. Awesome. We know Ubisoft had to
fucking get dragged to the fucking mud for that to happen. But, uh, and you know, the ESA maybe
could have done something to, uh, intervene a lot sooner and made that, but okay. Okay. Well,
we'll celebrate the success of where they've gone. Okay. And then we go back to June.
So in the last, what is that? Six, eight months, the last eight months,
the ESA has triumphed to successes, neither of which they've actually played a hand in.
Yeah. So like some of the stuff that they do, they say engaged in government lobbying.
So they spent $1.1 million. It says lobbying efforts with Washington, DC.
Uh, it, they've been a proponent of proposed anti piracy SOPA PIPA. Cause those weren't like
absolute garbage. Um, they also were pushing to, uh, is anti copyright stuff, like making sure
that, you know, copyright protection is in place. I mean, that's good for the industry,
but it's also like the copyright system in the United States is messed up as it is. And,
you know, further meddling in it, I don't think is going to help, but the fact that they were very,
you know, pro SOPA and PIPA is just, that's all you need right there.
Anyway, what, what has the ESA done for this industry?
Nothing. Do not adjust your radio set. We, we are unable to think of anything. We're,
we're thinking we're thinking a long time. They're also in favor of loot box mechanics
and argue that it doesn't constitute gambling.
Anyway, I think, I think we've made our point. I think we've made our point to me. This is not
about E3 no longer being relevant. E3 lost its relevancy a long time ago because the ESA already
killed it. This is about the ESA no longer being relevant. Does that mean the game industry doesn't
need, doesn't want something like this? Doesn't want a trade show? Doesn't want somebody to work
hard to give the video game industry a professional face, such as through a yearly
award show that they've tried very hard to work up into a prestigious event and sort of artistic
merit that the industry deserves? Did the ESA do that? Remind me, Loki, did the ESA do that?
No.
Who did that?
I believe it was Jeff Keighley.
Or there's also the game, the GDC stuff too, but that also wasn't the ESA.
Now look, this isn't just about me trying to like eat Jeff Keighley's ass. That's not what
I'm trying to do here on this program. Okay. But I'm just going to say, look at the receipts.
And now you see that this, you know, latest rumor about Microsoft teaming up with Jeff Keighley for
a show the week before. That's because somebody produced results and now the industry is going
to follow that somebody. And it's as simple as that. Let's see. Oh, hi, DarkSakura, who is in
chat tonight. Hello, hello. Said they had cool t-shirts a few years ago. That was one good thing
they did. You're right. They did. They did have, they had some good t-shirts. They sure did.
S.H.O. and Hunter Matt says, ReadPop is throwing a high school party with its parents,
ESA there and only serving Hawaiian punch. Jeff is the cool kid with the cool house and has a
keg at his party. That is a very good comparison actually. So we'll just marinate on that for a
little bit. All right. Anything else to add on that story? No. All right. Well, this is something
that's going to be continuing to develop. And I would say watch carefully this news about Summer
Game Fest, because again, we are kind of working on maybes and stuff, but this whole like Microsoft's
doing a thing the week before, Jeff Keighley's doing a thing the week before this, this is going
to add up to where there is smoke, there is fire. Yeah. It's going to be interesting to see what
they're, what the show looks like, like how many people actually are going to attend. And really
like, yeah, the, the, the audience, or was it the consumer version of the show is only like
two days long too. It's not like at least three or four. So. She Hold 10, no, sorry. She Hold 10
and Chat said there should be a Super Bowl of video games and the studios releases their best
video games for the show ready to play. I certainly do not disagree with that, but who do you think is
closer to making that a reality right now? The ESA or the brains behind the video or the video
game awards and Summer Game Fest? Who's closer to that reality? I let the track record speak for
itself. Is the ESA doing anything about the rampant sexual abuse of, you know, employees and the,
the hostile workplaces that all these companies that their members, by the way, have like
Activision Blizzard is a member of the ESA. They addressed it in any of that.
Nope. But didn't Jeff Keighley open one of his shows with a pretty big, you know, kind of,
I seem to remember he made a very strong worded statement. I mean, which, you know,
some people kind of gave him crap for that, but at least he said something he didn't try to
ignore it. Right. Didn't he open? I want to say it was the 20, not this 2021 game awards with a
pretty, you know, direct statement about what was going on in the industry. I seem to recall
that was the thing. So again, I'm really not trying to get in bed with him. I'm just saying
when this news comes out, that seems like it's about to come out. This is why.
All right. Let's move on. Let's talk about our gaming weeks and the types of video games that we
have been playing this week, whether someone told us to or not. Loki, how was your gaming week?
I played a few things this week or two things this week. So I played, you know, Minecraft. I also
played around in YouTube analytics world. That's been my way. Yeah. Fun. That's a fun stuff.
And then I also played, we did our first community event for Channel 64. So we played
Power Washing Sim. We went through the DLC for Lara Croft because they have the Tomb Raider
DLC in there. So we did the treasure room, which is kind of fun. And then before that,
I had actually played with him with Arrington through the mansion front, I guess.
I like more Power Washing Sim content, especially since it's free. That's awesome.
Is that it? That's it. I will piggyback on that then, because I also played the
Power Washing Sim DLC. I didn't get nearly as far as you did though, because I was playing by
myself and, you know, even cleaning the front of that mansion is quite the undertaking. When you
have to use one of those like two tier ladder things to get to certain parts. That was pretty
impressive, but it's an impressive piece of DLC. And I'm really excited for some of the future
stuff they have coming, which I think we'll get to later in the show. So that was fun. I've been
oddly playing more Dead by Daylight. You know, I know we talked about the game a lot on the show,
but the reality is it's it's been a game that has brought a lot of hours of entertainment.
A little less entertainment ever since that night DLC came out. But you know, they did the worker
with a tweaking patch. And I have found that the new indicators have made so with because they
added indicators when you're playing in solo queue that make it a lot easier to see what other
people are doing. And I have found that I have a much easier time in solo queue with that. So it's
kind of energized me to play solo queue again, I've actually worked my way through the first page
of the tome. I'm never current on tomes. So that's been very interesting in Dead by Daylight. So
Hey, you said Dead by Daylight.
Did I say Dead by Daylight three times in the mirror and some in the entity?
Yeah, it's Nia.
Because you sound like the entity right now. Hi, Dark Sakura.
Hi.
I hope you're feeling better.
I, I've been coughing a lot. So that's why I'm not here. Because I can't talk on without coughing.
Yeah. But, but you were bringing up the, the HUD changes in DBD. And God, they're convenient.
Yeah, you can tell who's doing jack shit.
Oh, isn't it great.
And then and then you sandbag them.
I hit eerie. I'm still eerie one. And that's also fun, because I can be a jerk.
Yeah, I, I actually played a killer game as well. And that did not go well for me.
But it was, it was fun to try, I guess, because I was like, Oh, I got I've gotten almost every
survivor thing in this tome, I should go for some killer ones. And I played a Vommie Mommy match
because I love playing plague. Miss plague is probably my killer main at this point. And it
did not go well for me.
Yeah, I'm not looking forward to having to work on her prestige. I still haven't played
Wesker or Knight yet. And it's gonna have to happen. But I did get two more adepts for killer.
I got a doctor and huntress.
Oh, huntress.
I watched. There's a guy on YouTube called mint skull, who talked about the hit box for
characters. And so that if you play huntress aim for the butt.
Interesting.
I aimed for the button it worked. And there's also like, certain levels, you can actually throw
right at like the top of a fence and still hit them through it because of where the hitbox is.
Oh, interesting.
I'll find you the video.
Yeah, I don't know if I'll play huntress anytime soon, but it's interesting.
It held my game.
Yeah.
Anyway, I just wanted to stop in and say hi.
No, it's it's good to see you appreciate it. Anything else you want to drop in our
ears before you take off?
Um, it for anyone who says the pandemic is over. I was in the office for two days.
We'll leave it at that.
We'll feel better soon. Okay.
Thank you.
All right. We'll see you next week. Bye.
All right. Um, let's see. So what else am I gaming week? I've also played some more
Final Fantasy 14. I did some streaming of that I found that I like playing paladin now.
I got my island sanctuary to rank 12. I think that actually happened last week,
though. I can't remember what I didn't didn't talk about. So I'll leave it at that.
But I will also mention I played Pokemon Go today for quite some time.
I did some walking around did a lot of Bluetooth catching.
I don't know. Does anyone need 17 shiny noi bats? Because I got you.
If you need 17 shiny noi bats.
I mean, I don't need those.
I don't know what I'm going to do with that many shots. And honestly, probably.
Shane probably got twice as many. I haven't checked in with him. I should text him when
you're talking next. So I can find out. But I know that's kind of a niche Pokemon.
The only reason this community day is a big deal is because he takes he's super rare and
Pokemon go and he takes 400 candies to evolve. So this is one that you know is a lot harder to get.
Pod culture says send me one I didn't get any as soon as they implement long
distance trading. I'm happy to or if you're coming to dragon con this year or whatever,
wherever I see you next. I'm happy to give you one. Yes. So yeah, but I'm not gonna I'm not
going to send these guys to the shredder either just because they're shiny. I'll just hang on to
it. I guess. Fifth dream does say one of my very favorites. Yeah, it is a cool Pokemon. But yeah,
I walked five miles and caught 17 shinies over Bluetooth. So I'm pretty proud of myself.
What can I say? So that's pretty much it for my gaming week. So we will move on. Let me get into
just some quick housekeeping. We will be here next week. I know there is a Rihanna concert on
TV and some folks will be playing a football game around that. But that's never stopped us in the
past. So we'll be here next week when you're all ready to come in and join us. Or of course,
you can always listen through the podcast feed that week. So you can check that out next week,
we will be here Bobby will not be though. So if you tune in early expecting to hear Bobby,
just he will be off because that is a that is a friend friendsgiving to kind of day for Bobby. So
he takes that day off. We will not be here on February 26. I've been pretty open that I'm going
on vacation and we'll be here that week. So they're just not going to be a show that week
while my co hosts enjoy a well deserved week off. So also, I want to say just quickly here,
because I noticed this in our discord over at vog network comm slash discord, because of course,
you can join that and chat with us throughout the week. And that actually is the only place now
you're going to get updates when we go live and so forth, because I don't know if you heard,
but the Twitter API is getting yanked, or at least the free one. And let's be real,
we're not paying $100 a month to advertise our show. We don't. I mean, you guys are very generous
with the bits and subs, we appreciate you. But we're not making that kind of money to pay for
that we'd rather pay for like the legal fees to keep us you know, a legit business and so forth.
So yeah, we're not paying that API fee to just advertise when we go live in the podcast.
So if you want to see that kind of thing, join our discord vog network comm slash discord. And
if you want, you can opt out of whatever chat because we don't use the at announce thing. I
know a lot of discord use that we made a choice not to because we sometimes find that really
annoying. And if you want put a few notifications on a channel, you can turn it on. So but you can
check that out or mute a channel you don't like. Check that out. But what I did see on discord was
that it's Tiger Claws birthday today. And Tiger Claws turning 50. It's a big day. It's a big,
big day. So I just want to take a moment to say because Tiger Claws been with us for a long time.
You know, he started listening to OLR. Pretty rare. I don't know if Tiger Claws missed a week
since we started over at all games radio, which was 2008 six. I don't remember y'all. No, it was
around the time of the 2006. I think was when we started all games radio. So Tiger has been with
us pretty, pretty much ever since then every week. So I just want to say thanks for being here, Tiger
Claw. And congratulations. Yeah, he even says in chat. Yeah, 50 is a big number, but I still feel
the same. Yep. I you know what, that's how I felt about turning 40. You know, it's not that much
different than 39. It really isn't. So and no one special clarifies all games was 2006. I'm glad
y'all's brains work when mine doesn't because mine sure doesn't. So that's, that's that. Alright.
Anyway, happy birthday, Tiger Claw. Alright, let's get into some gaming news at this point. And I
will start off with this actually, especially since last week, like nothing happened. It seemed
like I mean, some things have hardly anything this week. See, it feels like the floodgates
unleashed. We had a lot going on this week. So let's get a little bit more of the same, though,
unfortunately. So more announcements of cancellations. So we have, you know,
announcements that Apex League, Apex Legends Mobile is shutting down. That apparently was
only live for about eight months and then battlefield mobile has been canceled. So
they announced that it will be shutting down Apex Legends Mobile on May 1 2023. So you got a few
months left to play that. And also, we've got so basically, they respawn had made a, you know,
one of the pictures of texts on Twitter, saying the decision does not come with ease factors
beyond our control EA probably have prevented us from maintaining the high quality experience and
content that our players deserve. As a result, the game will sunset on May 1 2023. And then
pissing off everybody. We got word that EA has canceled a joint Apex Legends and Titanfall
single player spin off game. That's a bummer. Why do you hate us like this?
Like, why? Like, Titanfall is so amazing. Like, honestly.
Yeah, that seemed like a prime opportunity. I'm I'm really surprised to hear that. I mean,
if the game wasn't up to par, then this is probably because right as my quest message
says that cancellation news hurt, which would hurt worse, this news, or that game coming out
and it being hot garbage riddled with transactions and so forth, which would hurt worse?
Which would hurt worse? I mean, the second right. So if it if it really truly was bad,
then maybe it's for the best. But I hope that idea doesn't go away. Because I think a lot of
us would like to see a team up of those two games for sure. Yeah, so apparently, according to
Bloomberg, it says a team that was worked a team of 50 developers who are working on it were formed
on Tuesday that the project had been cut. And the company would look for other positions to move the
impacted staff without and anyone without a new position would be laid off. Thank you. Yeah,
that's nice. So yeah, that's unfortunate. I would have liked to have seen that.
I think a lot of people would.
All right. Sorry, I'm I'm texting Shane to get the update. I had one more follow up question
and then I guess the answer is too many. It's always but I'm asking about that's too much
and then add like 30 more on top of that. It is too many. All right. Well, you know, we haven't
had too many years of the Xbox 360 being active because we still are lucky to have the Xbox 360
store going on. But there's some interesting signs and tea leaves going on. For 146 games
are going to be delisted from the Xbox 360 marketplace on February 7. So for those of
you listening live and if you're on the podcast on Monday, today may be your last chance to get
these games on the 360. I want to stress you can still get games on the Xbox One or the Xbox series
consoles. But these games will no longer be purchasable. I'm not going to read the entire
list. But there are some highlights including Blue Dragon, Daytona USA, you know, I got to call
that one out. Final Fight Double Impact, Left 4 Dead and Left 4 Dead 2, Lost Odyssey, Pagle 2,
that's a big deal. And so on the orange box. So you know that you can no longer get those games
on an Xbox 360 after February 7. So this led to the thought, you know, we've said goodbye
to the Wii storefront. And I think they threatened to pull the PS3 storefront, although I don't know
if they ever did, but pretty much the same platform. Well, they did certainly with the PSP
and the PSP Vita, right, which, you know, are all things around the same age as the Xbox 360. So
this led to the question of is the Xbox 360 marketplace just going down? And it didn't help
that apparently a Reddit user found an Xbox 360 support page that said, we encourage you to
purchase any 360 games or DLC by May 2023. But Microsoft has been quick to clarify, that was a
mistake. Oh, that's an oddly specific mistake to make, don't you think? That sounds like one of
those, was it Netflix mistakes? And I think there's another company that did the same thing.
Yeah, man, people just making all sorts of mistakes this year when it comes to policies
that people don't like. I'm gonna give Microsoft a little bit of credit here, okay? Because
the Netflix thing, that was just a fucking mistake. There's no, there's no right, you know,
there's no easy way to say that. Microsoft, at least to its credit, has done the best they can
to date with backwards compatibility. I understand some things like DDR and some other things with
licenses and other, you know, games with, you know, companies that maybe are not around anymore,
and so on and so forth. There are games people still want to be backwards compatible that are
not, and there will be games that sunset as a result of whenever the 360 marketplace closes.
But it's not like you can't go on to the Xbox Series X store and download Lost Odyssey and
still play it. And quite frankly, I thank Microsoft for reversing their stance that
they had had under Don Mattrick with backwards compatibility. Because remember, they didn't
have backwards compatibility at first. That was added later when everybody was like,
fuck you, you fuck, you fuck, and didn't buy an Xbox One. Basically, they let, they let,
they voted with their dollars. That's the more important thing. And then they turned
around and announced the backwards compatibility and have stuck pretty good with that. So I will
give Microsoft that. And I think we all know the 360 storefront on a 360's time is probably
limited. So even though Microsoft denied it and said, it's not shutting down this May,
this message was posted in error. However, what's not a rumor, those other 46 games are being
removed February 7th. So if, if you are somebody that's been waiting a while to pick up a certain
360 game that's only playable on 360, especially if it's one of these 46 titles, you probably want
to get on that. Or you're going to be forced to look for the game on disk somewhere and hopefully
not pay $120 for it like it's a copy of Widowmaker. Exactly. So because, you know, now, now the real,
you know, retro market on this stuff begins once they're no longer available digitally,
that's for sure. I want to point out something Darktitsia brought my attention to as well is
that apparently there are ways to also still download some games. So for example, there was
this tweet written by this user Ohpoorpup that says if you don't own the Xbox 360 release of
Daytona USA, which I know is the game you all care about, right? Daytona USA, but I'm assuming this
works for other games too. That is my top priority. Which is still backwards compatible. They're
going to delist it on February 7th. The game is already unpurchasable on those storefronts, but
you can still buy it on the website. So you can go to marketplace.xbox.com for $10. So you can go
get it there. So when in doubt, use the website, but that's really only going to work like today
and tomorrow. And then those, those are going to be as good as gone pretty much.
And this is exactly how Darktitsia says he got Daytona was through this. So.
All right. Before we get to our next story,
uh, I, I, uh, I texted Shane and I said,
OLR listeners want to know how many shinies, it doesn't show the phone number, right? Okay. No.
How many shinies today? And look at that played only for one hour with 31 shiny Noibat
and one random heluptile or whatever that one's called. And then I said,
what are you going to do with 31 shiny Noibats? Have them sit in my box?
Of course. And no four stars or four stars at all. Which I, I didn't get any four stars,
but I got a really good three star that's shiny. That's only, I think is a, like a 15, 14, 14,
I think. So I was very happy with that one. I actually evolved it. So, um, I don't usually,
and I, you know what, that, that is worth mentioning cause I don't usually have shiny
luck to be quite honest, but yeah, I caught this one today. So it's, it's got a pretty,
Oh no, it's, I'm sorry. It's 15, 15, 13. That's pretty good. Uh, and there it is shiny. So,
cause I already evolved it. So that's, that's my price catch of the day,
even though it's not particularly a useful Pokemon in the meta, but it's cool to have,
whatever. I'll take it. I got a lot of XL candy today and all that. So maybe that'll be one that I
end up, uh, leveling up all the way just cause I can. We'll see. All right, let's go to our next
story. Uh, Loki. All right. So in the quest for Square Enix to continually milk final fantasy seven,
they have now, you know, dedicated a day of the year to final fantasy seven, the
final fantasy seven day on January 31st. Um, so whether they do for the 26th anniversary of
final fantasy seven, they announced some things. Um, first off the final fantasy seven day so that
we can expect things in the future to forever cover final fantasy seven. Um,
there are some new playlists on Spotify that you can get for cloud and Sephiroth.
So, uh, music there, I guess. Um, my most interesting thing is power wash simulator
crossover DLC. Heck yeah. Um, they're going to be doing some stuff with that, including,
it's the Midgar special pack and, um, haven't really said too much about what's going to be
included with it, but I am excited about that. Um, so that's cool. And then they're going to do
a small Lego collab as well. Now this isn't like a Lego set coming out because I'd be really excited
about that, but no, instead this is more of, they're going to take one of four classic scenes
that they're having fans vote on right now. And then they're going to build it out Lego and I
think give it away to somebody at some point. Um, one of those being the honeybee in, so, you know,
you know what you need the vote for. Right. Um, and yeah, I guess, um, along with that,
um, no announcements of games, but, uh, need about the other stuff.
No rebirth trailer. You gotta wait for Jeff Keeley Fest to see the trailer.
Yeah. Yeah. Nothing there. Um, so I am very curious to see, uh, the power wash sim stuff
and I don't know, it says coming soon. It didn't say when, um, but it would be pretty cool.
Yeah. Well, also in the final fantasy worlds and something else I did with my gaming week,
but I left it out because I knew we were going to be talking about it here, but that is that we
actually got a demo for theater rhythm. Uh, you know, theater them final bar line is actually
going to be coming out very soon. It's out in a couple of weeks, but there was actually a live
stream that happened this week. And as part of live stream, they also released a demo. Uh, so
the demo is, is pretty darn robust. I've got to say, uh, and, uh, came out this week and I did
play the demo, uh, which has something like 30 songs in it. And, um, you can play it at various
difficulty levels. It does cap how much you can earn, but it really shows how much they intend
to let people grind in this game. You know, it's not a final fantasy game. If you can't grind out
some levels and theater them is really going to be no different. So the demo is, uh, really good
and it feels good to play on a controller. I thought it was going to be a little weird with
the whole like up and down. Cause there's certain stages where you move the reticle up and down,
depending on where the line is and so forth. But do you know what I learned? I learned a little,
I don't want to call it a cheat cause it's not really a cheat, but it's a, did you know it
doesn't matter how far up and how far down you push the, um, joystick. Just as long as when the
little dots that indicate a transition or a note hit, you are facing the, uh, the D pad the same
way that the path is about to go. So meaning if you see a dot and the path is about to go up,
you push up when the dot comes up and you hold it and it'll match. So you don't have to actually
vary the strength. So that was something I found to be a little different on that. That could be
because I was playing on basic difficulty, but I don't think that changes. I'm sure someone in chat
will correct me if I'm wrong on that. So, uh, yeah. Mike Dev says it was really sensitive in
the 3DS version. Yeah. So I liked that change too. I'm assuming it is that way, even for the hard
songs. Um, but yeah, I, I enjoyed theater them. And the interesting thing about theater them,
it's not just going to be final fantasy songs. Uh, some of the details that were confirmed
a season pass for the game with chrono trigger and chrono cross tracks. I don't see how the fuck you
announced chrono cross tracks and not have scars of time, which is one of the best video game
songs has ever been written. So that alone is going to be worth it to some people like, you
don't, you don't even say chrono cross music without that song. Like if that song is not
there, get out, get out. Although it does, it does list a song list and I don't see it. Oh,
no chrono cross scars of time. There it is. It's season pass tracks. Good. I was about ready to
lose my mind. So, um, but there's some cool stuff from chrono trigger there as well. Uh,
like robo's theme and, you know, boss battle frog C theme and all that stuff is there as well. So
that's, um, that's pretty cool. But yeah, I'm excited for the full version. I'm going to drop
a hundred dollars on it. I'm going to, but that's because they've got like 300 tracks. I love music.
I love final fantasy. This is a game for me. It probably is more that's that's like all I can
like 500 tracks or something like that. It's a lot. It's it's a lot and I'm going to play
them all and I'll probably stream that. The nice thing is too, it's, it's safe to stream.
It's all in-house music by square Enix. Um, so it will work for streaming too. So
I'm really excited about that. DJ Rama S says we need the rad racer theme as a hidden unlock.
That would be so amazing. I don't know if it'll happen, but I'd love that. That'd be cool.
Uh, entertainment says, hi, it's Rob. Rob's the problem. It's Rob. Yeah, it is. Um, that's fine,
but you know what? They, they, they act, they did something. A lot of demos have failed to
do lately. They put out a demo that made me excited for the retail release of the game.
Did Nino Cooney do that? Did Fourspoken do that? Same company even. Not really. Not,
not to most of the people I talked to. So Theatrhythm did that rare thing where they
came out with a demo that actually makes me really want to play the full game and realize,
yes, I can dump that kind of money on the game and it'll be okay for me because I love
Final Fantasy and music games. So, all right, let's move on. Loki.
All right. Uh, so this is unfortunate news for people like me who are not super thin
about the super Nintendo world at Universal Studios Hollywood. Apparently if you have over,
if you have over a 40 inch waistline, thankfully, I think I'm only 40, um,
40 inches or larger, you may not ride the ride. No Mario Kart Bowser's challenge for you.
It's only for skinny people, um, which people are getting upset about it because I don't think that
I understand like size limitations for different things and stuff like that. I wouldn't consider
myself morbidly obese. Sure. I would love to lose some weight, but like, I'm not like,
I can't fit in seats. Like that's never been an issue. Um, but apparently, yeah,
they are not letting people on the ride. They even have like a test seat, much like you would like
with a height limit and stuff like that, that they see if you fit into. And if you don't hit that
size restriction, then you can't go on the ride. And I just, I just want to confirm this is the
U S one and not the Japan one, which, you know, I just, the reality is the, you know, there aren't
as many people that are larger that go to the Japanese, you know, one day it's true. Look at
Disney sea, look at, you know, it's just, that sounds built. So this is the U S one that this
restriction is on. Correct. It is Hollywood. And apparently though, this isn't necessarily a new
thing, uh, allegedly because they have a similar, uh, physical requirements, um, requirements for
like different rides. So like playing the Hippogriff Harry Potter and the forbidden
journey, revenge of the mummy, the ride secret life of pets off the leash, all have that same
restriction. I don't know that it's, I wrote all those, right. I mean, I would say 38 was as,
you know, but, but I'm, you know, I'm tall and built different, you know, whatever. But I mean,
I don't remember those bars fitting really tight or whatever, considering that is at the upper end
of the limitations. I don't remember those bars fitting particularly tight at that time.
There's only, yeah, the only ride that I've been on recently that fit really tight on me was
the local, like kitty, uh, theme park that's nearby that has like a roller coaster map for
like kids, the dragon roller coaster, like that thing, not meant for adults even really,
but like, that was the only thing that was like, yeah, it was uncomfortably tight. I
only did it once. I was like, okay, I'm done. You know, I'm not doing this again. Um, that was about
it. Like, and that clearly is not meant for adults. I mean, like you look at it and you're
like, okay, like that makes sense. Uh, uh, ride that theme park like this, it doesn't make sense.
It's also, I feel like somewhat unwelcoming. I get it. Like, you know, you can't accommodate
literally every size of person in, in there, but like, I still think like considering like the
state of the United States and everything like that, like that's still a weird place to cut it
off. Surprising. Well in that, you know, and think about the, you know, there's a lot of people in
chat saying, well, guess I'm not going, I hope universal clarifies, you know, the ride restrictions
and so, I mean, this is really what it is. They're saying that they're working on retrofitting some
of the other rides too, to accommodate people of their own sizes. Like, I don't understand, like,
well, here's the thing, like with that one, like what looks different. So like, for example,
if you go to like Disneyland and you ride either like, say the, um, like actually any of the rides
or something, not in credit coaster, but like I was thinking more long lines of something similar
to this. So, um, toy story mania, if you ride the buzz light, you're right. If you do the, um,
I haven't written on it yet, but the, the Spiderman one, the way they're set up there is
they have got the steering wheel and everything. Um, but they also have, it's just a bench.
So like it can accommodate like, okay, if you're adult, that is maybe a little bit overweight or
whatever you can put your kid next to you or something like that. Like obviously they don't
need as much space. And so, and they just have a bar that goes down. Whereas this ride, each
individual spot has its own like harness and stuff, which I mean, you really don't need a
harness like that for this type of ride. It's not moving all that fast. It is basically like
a toy story mania type thing. Um, it just, it's set up really stupid, but.
I will just say one thing I learned about Disneyland and size on rides. When you are
standing in line for the haunted mansion and the voice says, remember no more than three to a buggy,
they do not mean three adults because I got in there with two other adults and we were all,
you know, I was, I was probably at my largest then and we were all around the same size.
Wow. I was practically sitting on their laps.
Yeah. So like, I mean, honestly, like that's the thing is like universal. It's,
it's a stretch for me even to want to go there in the first place. I would check it out. I wasn't
all that excited about super Nintendo, uh, world anyways, because just the ride didn't look that
great. And the Yoshi ride is like meant for really little kids. So it's like,
eh, there was not much for me to go see there. Yeah. And I don't want to see it when there's
a million people there and that's how it's great for the first few months, especially into summer.
So yeah, but yeah, I would be very disappointed. Like if I went and they're like, yeah, I'm sorry,
you can't go on the ride. You're too, you're too big. I'd be like, what the fuck? You know,
like I think you need my money back. That could be a really embarrassing thing for people too.
Like I, I remember years and years ago, I went to great America, which was the local, um, you know,
theme park in the Bay area. And I went with my girlfriend at the time to tell you how long ago
this was. And she was, you know, a larger gal. Um, and we tried to ride, I think the demon,
it was, which is, you know, a longstanding roller coaster. And, um, she was not able to fit in the
seat, um, because of her size and it was a very scarring incident for her and she was crying.
She was sad. It ruined her whole damn day. Um, you know, that could, you know, and, and imagine
you're really excited about super Nintendo world and you want to go and you get there and you find
this out. Like that's, that can be. And I, yeah, and I don't want to draw a
stereotype about gamers, but let's just, you know, gamers aren't always the most fit people
in the world. So like Americans too, to be honest and Americans, you added on top of it, but like,
you know, if you're talking about like Venn diagrams and stuff like that, and then you're
talking about like, you know, something that's going to attract like the gamer crowd, like,
I mean, just have some common sense, Japan, like I'm blaming Nintendo here. Cause I feel like,
I feel like this is just coming based off of what their design was in, um,
Japan. That's where my brain was going at first with this whole thing.
I don't know. It's just whatever. I mean, I, I'm probably not going to go see this thing in like
forever. Yeah. Maybe by the time I get there, all of lost weight, we can only cross our fingers.
Yeah. Uh, mission chat says they should fix it. And I hope they do because some people such as
myself, it could trigger body dysmorphia. Absolutely. That's and that's what,
that's what I experienced, you know, with my ex-girlfriend that particular day was, you know,
absolutely. Now, Hey, everybody listening to this and that reads this story that's going around.
Now we all know we better check those ride restrictions before we go to the park and
put ourselves in that situation. You know, what have you like, so that we know, but yeah, this
is, you know, that's, I there's going to be a lot of people that don't do that and it's going to
not be pretty for universal. So it's just be, be interesting. So, but yeah, check,
check the restrictions and check the updates from universal. Uh, especially when that officially
opens, I imagine they'll have all the ride restrictions actually posted online and, you
know, things still are. So they're, they could have something that maybe they're going to use
to extend some of the seat, you know, cause there are things they can do. Um, I've seen them do a
Disney and stuff like that to accommodate different, you know, uh, shapes and sizes.
So, uh, we'll see, we'll see. I don't think the book is completely closed on this yet,
but, uh, I think we all know now if we're concerned, this could be an issue.
We better check so that we don't get ourselves in a, uh, a situation that, you know,
really upsets us that, you know, being there at the park, which is supposed to be a happy place.
Right. All right. Uh, moving on. Uh, this is some good news. It makes a lot of people happy. And
that is, uh, the latest PlayStation five beta update. Uh, we'll add discord voice chat
integrated into PlayStation. We knew this has been coming for a little bit. Um, but, uh, and there
was some light discord integration on PlayStation fives, uh, last year early, uh, now voice chats
there. So if you are a PS five tester in the U S Canada or Japan, you can join a discard, uh,
dis discard discord call, uh, by the way, I don't know if you knew, but this is already available
on Xbox and Microsoft, uh, Xbox, you know, one in series X, but Sony can get it on the fun too,
which means you can talk to someone on an Xbox through your PlayStation.
Oh my God, the blasphemy. I know, I know dogs and cats living together, mass hysteria,
uh, also included with this update, a variable refresh rate for 1440 P also some dashboard UX
improvements and so forth. Um, they're saying discord integration is still a little bit clunky.
You have to link your PSN account to discord, then select discord and linked services.
And then you can complete the integration using a QR code or the integrated browser within the PS
five. But every time you want to use discord, you have to use the mobile device to transfer
your conversation. So that's a little weird still, but, um, it's all still being ironed out
and it's in beta. So maybe it won't be this bad, uh, once it gets rolling there, but we'll see,
we'll see how that goes. It'd be interesting. Yeah. I kind of agree with bonds too many steps.
So, uh, and did your, um, as once point out, you can do group group voice chats,
but not one-on-one voice chats. So, but you could call OLR through your PlayStation now,
just like you can express. Cause we take calls in the green room channel at our vog network,
discord, uh, uh, vog network.com slide. I almost forgot the URL vog network.com slash
discord. If you want to call in and maybe we'll get a call from the PS five, uh, later or next
week or something. So, um, but I think that's pretty cool. You know, a lot of people are on
discord. Uh, I just liked that whole idea that PlayStation people can talk to Xbox people.
And especially with games now being cross platform more and more, I think that's pretty cool. So
all right. Also pretty cool. A segment we do here every week, a simpler time
from what you would, you would never have imagined cross-platform play back in this day.
Let's uh, let's cue the bumper.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull
out a classic and tell you about it. It's time for the classic game of the week,
but on tonight's episode, the role of dark Sakura during the classic game of the week
will be filled by Loki who has picked tonight's game. So Loki, what is the classic game of the
week? That's the game of the week is Pepsi man, because I'm not going to ever take this
assignment seriously. No, this is a good one that I could see. I could absolutely see Jamie
picking this at some point. No, it is a, it's an excellent game that was, you know,
I had never actually played this, but it's always been a favorite of mine to watch during, you know,
awesome games done quick or something like that. Uh, Pepsi man is an action game published by
kid for the PlayStation, and it was released in Japan on March 4th, 1999. And it has a
Japanese superhero mascot for Pepsi and it focuses on the player avoiding obstacles or running dashing
and jumping while Pepsi man automatically runs forward through each of the game stages.
It's kind of like a crash bandicoot type game. And, um, yeah, it's, uh, apparently a very low
budget and, uh, it featured very, uh, 3d cut scenes, um, as well as like this weird, like
live action, like, uh, video cut scenes as well. Every kind of strange, uh, Pepsi man is, uh,
consists of four stages, each divided into smaller segments, each involving the superhero Pepsi man,
saving a person who is dehydrated, such as a military man in the middle of the desert,
by giving him a can of Pepsi. The first three stages are based on real locations,
San Francisco, New York, and Texas. And the last one takes place in the unfortunately not real
Pepsi city. Uh, the game is played in a third person perspective with Pepsi man automatically
running forward through the stages, sometimes running through homes and other buildings,
taking control of Pepsi man himself, aiming to dodge obstacles and such is what the player does.
And then, um, of course there's different Pepsi branded obstacles, including a Pepsi truck and
the player, um, you know, basically gains points by collecting Pepsi cans. And it's just, it's so
ridiculous. And the theme song just will get stuck in your head. If you can hear it, cause we're
playing it here. I know that Loki doesn't hear it on the local, but, um, uh, for the podcast,
you can probably hear it as the, it's literally the same, like four notes over and over Pepsi
man. It's fantastic. Oh, we got a little end of stage jingle in there too. That's very nice.
All right. Anyway, but yeah, so that's what I had for a classic game of the week.
Um, never came out over here. Oh, let's talk about reviews. Actually for me too. I gave it
a 25 out of 40 game fan, nine out of 10, cause you know, it's worth it. Uh, gamers Republic,
a B minus planet PlayStation, 88 out of a hundred joy pad did not feel the same two out of 10.
So, um, I was going to say for the most part, those are some pretty respectable scores. That's
at least up there with sneak king. Yeah, exactly. Um, yeah, I don't know how this game came to be.
Uh, let's see here. Basically, uh, the Pepsi van is based around Pepsi's mascot of the same name,
which was created for Pepsi's Japanese branch. Uh, the character whose fictional backstory says
he used to be a scientist who transformed into a superhero after coming into contact with
holy Pepsi just featured in Japanese Pepsi commercials. And then the Japanese version
of the video game fighting vipers. Oh, crossover. Um, they also had related characters such as
lemon Pepsi man and Pepsi woman. There's a whole Pepsi verse, I guess.
Pepsi decided to promote this video game character. I'm going to tell you right now,
Pepsi, you want free advice? Pepsi man needs to come to the States. Yeah. Put them in front of
the Superbowl audience. That's going to be a hit. Exactly. And they had a sound. Do you think it's
going to do any worse than Yaris? I don't think so. What does he do? He like flicked his hand
and you suddenly saw carbonation and then it went away. I love this story here. It says, uh,
in 2019. So the game was featured in, um, you know, the anger video game nerd. Um,
and then also the soundtrack has received a vinyl release in 2020.
That's right. You can get you get Pepsi man on vinyl. You mix it in your,
mix it in your DJ sets. Oh no, no. He's running away from a giant can of Pepsi. You know,
somebody in chat had brought up because, because this was an endless runner bonds, double six
said, so temple run before temple run. I mean, kind of, I mean, the, the concept of an endless
runner is, is it particularly new? Like Pepsi man certainly didn't invent that. Like there,
if you think about it, there's games on the Atari 2,600 where stages are generated and generally,
you know, something like, I don't know, stampede maybe comes to mind where like you could, you
could, you're constantly running in one direction, doing the objective, you know, that concept has
been around for a while, but the look and feel yeah, is kind of temple runny. Yeah. But I think
the crash bandicoot is a very good, uh, um, analogy as well because that game was very big
on a PlayStation as well. So the game is so ridiculous. Yeah. It's great. All of it. All
right. Thank you. The classic game of the week. Pepsi man. Good job. Loki filling in for dark
Sakura tonight. I feel like I always pick the game, so I want to make sure you get,
you get one in once in a while. So, all right. Cool. Cool. All right. Oh yeah. Quest buster says
the Pepsi vacation of 3d world runner. Another good example of an endless runner on a much
earlier console. Good. Good. All right. Uh, we have a few more stories for you, but, uh, we will,
uh, welcome your phone calls. If anyone wants to call in tonight, we'll get there maybe in about
15 minutes after some of these other segments here over at vog network.com slash discord,
but we still have some stories for you, including some quick stories here in rapid fire news.
Loki. Yes. So here's, uh, an interesting thing. We were talking about, uh, final fantasy and Lego
stuff earlier and that they're not going to make a set. Well, that's unfortunate,
but there apparently is a set that's leaked out for, uh, the legend of Zelda. So they have a
images or promotional images that you can see, uh, the legend of Zelda, uh, Deku playset.
And of course, uh, features, uh, the Deku tree and it looks, um, pretty cool
with a mini fig Zelda or link. I think they'll actually, I don't know which characters are there
and see link. And then I think there are two different forms of link. I can tell like the
one in the blue is like breath of the wild link. And then the one in green is probably your more
classic, uh, Oh, that makes sense because of course it's been in multiple games. So,
that makes sense that it would be like that. Yeah. Um, so very cool though. Uh, I, I am
curious to see what else they're going to have coming out with it. Ooh, the X mansion. Ooh,
that'd be cool. Um, so yeah, I guess we'll have to wait and hear more about that. I know that
several different Zelda themed, um, sets have gone through as part of that whole, um, uh,
the, uh, uh, consumer design sets. They've gone through that whole process, uh, but never quite
have been voted in. Uh, so I'm curious to see if this actually, well, I mean, obviously it looks
like it's going to be a such curious to see when, but I hope we get more Zelda sets. Cause that'd be
amazing. And then, uh, we've got news regarding the, um, Nintendo. What was it? Nintendo switch
online golden eye. Um, so I meant to play those this week on the, um, cause you know,
it's on X-Box too for a rare replay basically. And I just didn't get around to it. Yeah. So
apparently we're experiencing those games. People been doing some, uh, Dean through the data and the
source code data for the Nintendo switch online release. And they found that, uh, some that
they've removed the unused data for Sean Connery, Roger Moore and Timothy Dalton. Apparently they
had originally had plans to have them in golden eye double seven, but they weren't actually in
the game. And then I think the data was in the old original version, but now they've actually
removed it. Uh, the character models from there. So yeah, neat, I guess. It's always interesting
when you see them update the old games, especially in ways that are like, not obvious. It's
interesting. Yeah. All right. Uh, some other quick news, Konami delisting a game from steam on
February 27th, the game is crime site. I'm going to be honest. I never heard of this game, which
is probably part of the problem. It is an online multiplayer only game. So once the game is
delisted and the online servers shut down on May 1st, the game will no longer be playable. In a
statement from Konami, they thanked players for playing crime site, but, uh, said basically,
uh, even though the services continue to operate with the support of many users since April, 2022,
this is less than a year old, but due to various circumstances is the official reason not knowing
what the game is. Yeah. Yeah. For example, not knowing what the hell this is. Somebody in chat
can maybe fill me in. I literally had never heard of this. Uh, you know where this goes,
the servers are getting pulled. It's done. Although the time left until the end of the
service is limited. We hope you will enjoy it to the end. No word about refunds or any of that
sort of thing. Um, quest or excuse me, orange, right? One of the people I would have thought
would know more about the game. No, not a call out, but just backing me up saying, I guess
nobody saw it. I think it was like anime clue. Well, the name kind of does sort of sound like
that. Doesn't it? So, Hmm. Anyway, in other news, uh, this is a pretty good deal in 2019.
It was Nintendo's bargain game vouchers. You spend $100 basically to buy two vouchers.
These vouchers you spend on or you cash in whatever for $60 games, but be careful
because not all of them are $60. So know what you're getting, but if you're smart about how
you spend these, you can save $10 on each. So you could actually get a voucher now and use it on
tiers of the kingdom when it's released and you would save $10. So this is only available to
switch online subscribers. Um, it is a limited catalog, which I'm going to assume is probably
mostly first party, but go in and look at the details and you also have to use them within a
year. You can't hold them forever. You also cannot buy more than eight. You do still get my Nintendo
gold points equivalent to 5% of what you pay. So, um, yeah, it's just a little perk for switch
online users, but if you know you're going to be buying the Legend of Zelda tiers of the kingdom
and like one other game this year, then it's probably a good deal. If you have the money to
drop on it right now. So check that out. All right. Well, maybe some hints of a games you
could be buying soon. Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates. We'll
start with the U S and what's coming out this week. Loki. Yep. Uh, not a whole lot of stuff
coming out this week. Um, we've got, looks like, uh, mercenaries, lament, silver Wolf and the seven
stars of the maiden, a really long name, uh, that's for the Nintendo switch. And of course,
Hogwarts legacy, finally making its way out on PC PlayStation five and X-Box series.
All right. Yep. That's it. Let's go over to the Nintendo switch and check out the releases there.
Uh, uh, actually I don't really see a lot of games this week cause we have tales of symphonia
remastered on the 16th, but this week we just have some additional wired controllers that are
coming out. I don't even know if these are official, but they're FIFA branded. So I guess
that's cool if you're into that, but yeah, that's it on the switch this week on the only work for
one year though. Oh, Oh, that's funny. Okay. I see what you do with that. Uh, on the PlayStation
five, uh, if you feel like Hogwarts legacy is coming out in Japan, um, just to be clear,
I'm not picking that game up. Um, I don't care for JK Rowling and her comments, you know,
that is what it is. Um, I understand there may be people out there that had Harry Potter for them,
maybe when they were in a dark period in their life. And, you know, again, like I said earlier
in the show, I don't know other people's lives. So who am I to judge, I guess, but I am just going
to say I'm not buying it. And this is the reason I'm not buying it to be very clear.
That's it. All right. Uh, but also coming out on the PlayStation five,
the Witcher three wild hunt. I probably would buy this. The complete edition is coming out
in Japan. I would buy it if it wasn't on Xbox game pass. Uh, so that is something you could look
forward to in Japan as well. Uh, that appears, I guess, a wizard boy is kind of the big release,
in Japan as well, because there's really nothing, nobody wanted to compete against it. So that's,
that's really it. But we get some big releases next week, including theater them in Japan,
as well as the rest of the world. So that's exciting. Meanwhile, how about the UK Loki?
UK is pretty much the same story. So we have Hogwarts legacy coming out there as well, PC,
PlayStation five and Xbox series. And then they're also getting the five nights at Freddy's
security breach on Xbox series. And that's it. All right. We have just a few more stories for
you, and then we're going to get to our round table via chat and discord and the mailbag
with participate at orange lounge, radio.com. Uh, but first we have some stories for you. Uh,
Loki. Yes. I really like hearing more of these stories about games being reverse engineered,
and then basically, um, getting it down to the source and allowing them to be able to put,
you put on to other consoles or in this case, PC. And now that's been done with legends of the link
to the past. So somebody has found a way to reverse engineer the game down to its code.
And they have a PC port that you can do that if you have a ROM of the game. And of course,
it has lots of different support for graphical tweaks. Um, you can even, um, do widescreen
support with it as well. And it runs great. So, uh, pretty cool to see it.
Check that out. Yeah. And you know what that means? Mods, mods, mods.
There's already been tons of mods and that stuff, but yeah, even more, even more now though.
Yeah. Yeah. And then, um, apparently, and this is going to be a surprise to no one Facebook's VR
division, not doing so great. Um, apparently they've lost $13.72 billion in 2022. I guess
that's investing in meta, you know, and working on horizon worlds and stuff like that. Uh,
how long is this going to go for? I don't know, but, um, you know, of course,
let's kind of go over what happened last year. So, you know, meta's reality lab,
they only brought in $727 million, um, in the closing months of 2022. That's
17% down from the revenue from the same period in 2021. Uh, horizon worlds has been a flop.
Um, you know, reality labs is, I guess, um, you know, the Oculus quest two has done well,
so there's at least that, um, that's a good thing. Uh, they've laid off 11,000 employees
back in November, 2022. Um, basically saying that, uh, macro economic downturn,
increased competition and add signal loss as the reason for the layoffs for that. Um,
yeah, it's, it's unfortunate, but like, I just don't think the metaverse angle is where they
need to be going with Facebook. It's, it's really like lost with what they're doing with this
because like, they're putting out, first off, they have a peripheral, like a new
meta quest pro that is supposed to be targeted towards offices, but it's like $1,500 for that
headset. And like, are people really going to strap on a headset all day long to like work
virtually? It's just, it sounds really bad. They're trying to make cases for using VR in
corporate training, like, you know, especially, um, in learning maybe how to use let's say
machinery or something or some type of process that you can actually do those things without.
Yeah. I mean, yeah, I get it too, but that, that does seem to be a rather niche kind of audience.
I don't, I don't know how many people would really be in the market for something like that.
I'm more surprised Facebook has a captive fucking audience and especially one that doesn't normally
get into games. So to speak, I'm talking about your parents are probably living on Facebook. You
know, a lot of people our age and so far are living on Facebook. I know a lot of like younger
folks seem to be shying away from Facebook, which is interesting kind of how that trends kind of
gone. But regardless, my point is all the time I've been on Facebook and I see ads for all sorts
of things. You know what? I never see ads for VR. No, that's funny is you'll see it depending on
what your interests are. So like I see VR ads all the time because I purchased VR headsets, but
that's what's so funny is I was like, they're advertising me the quest to literally when they
purchased the quest to preaching to the choir. They shouldn't be only pigeonholing that they
should be trying to market VR headset and why your parents want one. And again, I just think Facebook
is being really silly not jumping on some of the things they could do like allowing people to
create their own VR experiences and sharing them. Yeah, exactly. And it's really stupid that they
that that's how their algorithm works in the first place. Like you shouldn't be marketing the thing
that you just purchased. Like, you know that I purchased it because my accounts tied to that,
you know that I purchased those things. Like, why are you trying to still sell me it? Like,
I already have it. I need I don't need any more. Some of it's like adjacent, like they'll,
they have the different head straps or whatever you can get that has a built in battery and stuff
that's supposed to be way more comfortable and easier to put on, which that's a great
product to to try to, you know, send my way but yeah, I get a ton of ads for just like the quest
to like, Oh, hey, it's got, you know, Beat Saber and Resident Evil four. It's like,
yeah, I know that because I have one. I don't need this. It's, it's, it's really strange. But
yeah, they should do more experiences like that, like try to figure out a way to integrate it into
Facebook or something like that, where you could walk through your feed or you could see like,
somehow 3d video from people or something. I don't know, like, just something different to
do with it. Like a gallery or a show in VR, you know, or something. It's just exactly like,
take it take a page out of, you know, Fortnite or tech even Roblox at this point, like, you know,
that's how you sell like the metaverse thing like the this the cheap stuff they've been showing now
it's just like no one like no one's thinking metaverse when they purchase the quest VR,
they're thinking all the other things I can do with it like meta like meta quest or horizon.
VR is just like, yeah, whatever. Okay.
Yeah. Well, and Bobby points out, I went to an XR extended reality meetup. And I asked people
to define the metaverse for me. They described World of Warcraft and zoom. So yeah, VR kind of
has an identity problem right now. But you know what, and we've said this before. Obviously,
Facebook cannot find the magic sauce and how to market this thing. But who's already working on
it? We all know they're working on it. And when they put it on the table, it's over for you hose,
I am talking about Apple. And I don't I don't know if I've heard they may actually be doing like an
AR headset. I don't remember what the latest rate latest rumors say about Apple, but whatever it is
they're doing. They're gonna have that marketing video that shows Oh, this person can now and
people eat it up to now hold their grandkids through VR, whatever it is, like, you know,
they're gonna. Yeah, you're right. People will eat it up because but but you know what,
whether you are pro Apple, anti Apple, ambivalent Apple, wherever you are on that scale. The fact
is, Apple knows how to sell it. That very clearly, Facebook does not. But maybe once Apple starts
selling it, Facebook will pick up some hints. We'll see. It'll be too late that point. But yeah,
no. Yes, I Yeah, I can't wait for Apple to invent VR. Yeah. I guess they will. Yeah. But you know
what, once you know if you if you're the you know, you're not an Apple fan or whatever, you know
what, once they invented touchscreen phones, we got all sorts of them. It wasn't just Apple,
you can get a Google one or your other companies have a touchscreen, but you can get a Windows
phone. I'm just kidding. You can't get that anymore. But you know, it was it kind of opened
the doors for other folks to make their versions of it. So I just feel like somebody else could
come up with that message. I'm not saying only Apple can do it. I'm not saying that.
I'm just saying all signs point to we're waiting for this to happen because no one else is getting
it. And the proof is in this story that Loki just shared with us. All right. Moving right along.
Let's talk about PlayStation Plus. And the collection that's available on the PlayStation
Five, the PlayStation Plus collection, it will not be available much longer. This originally came out
in September 2020, right around the time the PlayStation Five originally launched. And if you
have an active PS Plus membership, you can get some of PlayStation's big games, not just first
party but third party stuff too. Bloodborne, God of War, Last of Us Remastered, Batman Arkham Knight,
Fallout 4, Resident Evil 7, Biohazard. Well, after May 9, the collection will be no more. You can
still claim the titles until May 9. So reminder, if you have a PS5, you might want to go do that
because once the games are associated with your account, you will continue to have access to them.
Sony says they're going to be focusing efforts on growing the PS Plus library of monthly games in
the games catalog. So they're kind of trying to redirect us towards that. But I can't help but
wonder, is PlayStation about to drop something on May 10? You know, there's been rumors of a hardware
refresh, although I guess rumor says that they're not changing the form or anything like that.
They're just going to be moving to a diskless only PlayStation but with a disk drive sold
separately type of thing. I don't see like, it's all rumor. It's all rumor. You know, we don't know
until Sony says so. So it's but it like it and like just put it this way like that is weird. I
mean, it's not weird if they do that. But like, think think about what that actually says, though,
for their their consumer partners and stuff like, yeah, I get it that they're going to have an
external disk drive, but if they're only going to be going forward with like digital only,
like, who's gonna push your console then? Yeah, like, I still never understood like,
I don't think they could fully get away from physical media. Because once again,
yeah, you'd have to sell your console direct, when you may get like target and stuff like that to
carry them, but like, they're not really incentivized to do so because they make nothing
off hardware like nothing like it's almost like you're losing money selling hardware.
So it doesn't make any sense for them to push that or even carry your product in like now you're
taking it out of GameStop or something like that. They're gonna stop pushing everything of yours
like I just that's a that's a wild, wild, stupid move. If you ask me.
I will say this, though, what's interesting about the PlayStation five, we're getting to that point
where we can pass the target test. That's two local ish stores. I mean, Folsom's a ways away
from me that have I still haven't seen that I've been stuck. I've been there and I haven't seen
them. So they're there around. So let's get to that point. So I actually ends up being a
conundrum for me personally, because I really want to get a PS five, like, you know, especially now
that theater them's on the horizon. I know it's a PS four game, but why not? We'll play it on PS
five, you know, getting the games in this collection. You know, the other PS five games
I've picked up, I don't know, I still kind of want to check out for spoken, definitely Final Fantasy
16 for me. And so I never gonna pick one up. I think it's just gonna be PC from now on, like,
because it's kind of too late at this point. And I mean, based off of how much he's max box series
which is in a box right now. I just probably am not going to pick one up.
I do your best pointing out Best Buy has the PS five got a war console bundle. Yeah. So you can
you can find them if you know where to look. We're getting to that point. So I got to figure this out
because I'm really worried I'm gonna buy one in the next week. They're gonna be like hardware
refresh. But I'm also kind of starting to go like, okay, is it the end of the world? Like if they
don't do a full out PS five mini or something is at the end of the world. And I don't know if
they're actually going to do that when they're releasing the VR to this year. That's going to
be where they're going to shift their hardware. You know, I don't know. But yeah, it's gonna be
crazy them trying to sell their VR to when no one's carrying their console because they're going
digital only. And also on top of that, like I understand, you know, once again, the need for
that type of stuff. But, you know, have they? What are they shipping them as far as digital
storage right now? I mean, is it still a terabyte? Is it half a terabyte? Like what exactly are they
including with it? Because those things fill up fast, especially with these modern games.
I don't know, I think it's too soon. I get it. Because yeah, most of the sales nowadays
are digital sales. But at the same time, the physical sales are we're keeping these game
stores alive. And you say, Oh, yeah, we're taking away from you. They're going to drop you hard. And
like, and unfortunately, those stores are where your physical your console sales are going or your
accessories. And people could buy all that stuff online. Yeah, I get that and stuff. But there's
just not a lot of incentive for retailers to sell that if they can't make up a margin somewhere.
And that margins gonna usually be games. And if you're telling them, Well, no, you don't get that
anymore. They're not going to carry your product.
I look at some chat comments over at twitch.tv slash a vog network. Zen monkey says your
PlayStation plus account is going to link to a cloud server. Well, all your games are going to
be it's over. You know, aren't we kind of moving that direction a little bit? I mean, don't we kind
of think that cloud gaming probably is going to be the future at some point. It's just we're not
quite there yet. But like in 10 years, probably. Some people will say no. But I sort of say again,
look at what Hollywood's doing. You know, they're not saying physical games will never be available.
They will just like the yo target still has a blu ray section. But the conversation early
the conversation is around Netflix, Hulu, HBO Max, Paramount Plus, etc, etc, you name it.
It's all cloud based video at this point. Absolutely. The game industry will follow
the same way. Doesn't mean it's gonna be the only way but it'll be the mass way.
For sure. And like I get it like they they stores will adjust based on where you know what's
available like yeah, DVD or not even DVDs probably blu ray nowadays. At like, say a target or
something like that. It's one aisle. It's like it's small, like they don't really carry that
much anymore. And, and that's understandable because not a lot of people are purchasing
video that way. But there are still people that are doing that. And so they have that available.
Games are, you know, physical for the most part, at least a lot of people still buy physical games
for people because let's be honest, like if you're, you know, grandparents or whatever,
buying stuff for kids, their grandkids, they don't understand about like, they may do gift cards or
something like that. But they're not gonna be able to purchase like a specific game for
their kid. Because one, I don't even think there is gifting on like a lot of these digital
storefronts, at least not on Nintendo, I don't think. And it's just you can walk into target
by the cards. There's that right type of thing. But that's not but yeah, but a gift card isn't
as personal as picking out something specific for somebody. Like if you know what they want,
you're like, well, here's a gift card, here's some cash, go buy it yourself like that. It's not as
personal. I just say, I don't know, we'll see what happens. Like it could be nothing. It would
be silly, though, if they release a digital only system and then external disk drive. That just
doesn't make any sense. But I get it reduce the number of SKUs except they're not. But they
reduce seeing the main hardware down to one SKU saves Sony some money, but also, like, I don't
know. It's just silly. I can't see with a question chat saying, everyone says 10 years for
cloud gaming. But when 10 years gets here, will people actually want it? I think so. But you know
what I think the secret is there. And I've said this before on OLR, I think the key the key thing
that's missing is that you still have to be on Wi Fi. And I think when reliable 5g is in more places,
I think that's the secret thing that's missing when you can truly pick up on your phone or
tablet or Chromebook, whatever it is, and anywhere, play something or pick up, you know, whatever it
was in progress. I think that'll be the key thing. And again, I'm just gonna say look to Hollywood,
the proof is there. What was transformative for Netflix, the app, and being able to watch things
that work over over 5g, or 5g, or 4g, LTE, whatever, being able to do that. I kind of
think that is a thing. I can't see says I'm an advocate for cloud gaming. And I think you could
lower the barrier of entry, but I'm salty towards the detractors. Zen monkey 11 says I already know
I don't want it and I won't be subbed to it. You know what it's going to be though, it's going to
come back to this old adage. A system is only as good as the games that are on it. And that will
absolutely be true of the cloud gaming too. And it's absolutely true of the digital platforms as
well. Why are Showtime and Hulu now consolidating into one app? Showtime doesn't have anything.
But they have some things they don't have the things people want right now. They don't have
the Twin Peaks return thing anymore. They don't have things. So Showtime is going to merge in or
is it merging into Paramount? Sorry, I might be mixing that up. But you know what, you know what
I'm right. You're new and I'm getting to
merge the Paramount. I want to subscribe to Paramount.
Showtime is merging into Paramount if I remember right now.
We got to only subscribe to Showtime during what was it? Oh gosh, what's the show?
And just quickly before while you're thinking of that, that's a huge reason why-
Yellow jackets. That's a huge reason why Stadia didn't
move Buku units was because there was no Stadia exclusive games that everybody wanted. Yes,
they had exclusive games, but they didn't have Wii Sports.
Well, they also had the they made you purchase the games on a platform instead of just having
subscription to access all the games. There's that too. Yes. Which is different
from the Netflix and Hulu model. Yes, yes, yes. Although to be fair, but they did a really bad
job saying this towards you. To be fair, if you had that Stadia gold, you're getting enough free
games that you kind of had a big library there because they were pumping enough games through
that service where it's like the kind of you actually did kind of have that. But again,
we've said this a million times, perception is everything, right? Google never accurately or
successfully shattered that perception gamers had of what you just said, that there was a
whole library you could buy into. They just couldn't shatter that. And they didn't have the
exclusives, you know, and I don't mean literally Wii Sports. I mean, people bought a Nintendo Wii,
not because they wanted a Nintendo Wii because they wanted Nintendo Wii Sports.
That's the type. People did not buy a PlayStation 5 because they wanted a PlayStation 5. Well,
some did. I'm gonna get in trouble if I don't quantify. But what really moved that? God of War,
Horizon, Last of Us or whatever, whatever your Sony game is, that's what's moving those consoles.
Google didn't have anything at that level. They didn't invest or risk and things in that level
because they yanked that fucking studio. Like, before they didn't give it any time. We all know
that. We all know that. Anyway. All right, I am going to invite a list of roundtable questions in
our chat over twitch.tv slash vog network and phone calls if anybody's feeling up to it over
at a vog network.com slash discord. I usually will go to our email bag here to participate at
orange lounge radio.com. Unfortunately, whomp whomp, no emails this week. But I do believe
I saw a tweet that came in. And I wanted to read this tweet that was sent to us at the OLR account
and I'm gonna try to get better at this at reading these sorts of things. But Ziba actually tweeted
us this week. Hi Ziba and I hope you're well, who said, look at these games that are turning 10.
Geez. And sure enough, 2023 is a big year for these iconic games. Guess what? All of these
games are 10 years old this year. Saints Row. These these will all qualify for Classic Game of
the Week. Saints at some point this year, Saints Row 4, Grand Theft Auto 5. I'm sorry, that one is
fucking funny. Tomb Raider, The Last of Us, Pokemon X and Y, Assassin's Creed 4, Bioshock
Infinite, Pikmin 3, Super Mario 3D World, and The Legend of Zelda A Link Between Worlds.
Super Mario 3D World is 10 years old this year and we still don't have a stinkin sequel.
What in the world? I got some DLC for the, you know, 3D World on Switch, but yeah, that's about
it. I'm just surprised they never did a true sequel to that. That's all. Thank you Ziba for
making us all feel that much older. Yes, Red Entertainment says, can you say something else
to make me feel old? I'm sure we can talk about music that's turning 40 years old this year.
It's a bunch of 80s songs.
Anyway, all right, so yes, you can always tweet us over at twitter.com slash o-l-r and sometimes
I'm good about checking that, but not always. So, I don't, I have to admit, I don't really follow
the Grammys, but I under, because I think the Grammys are whatever, but I do, you know, I can
appreciate, I guess, that video games are getting more and more of a presence at the Grammys.
Did video, I think video game stuff won a Grammy tonight, right? Um, oh yeah. Composer,
uh, hold on, I'm trying to catch up on this here. Um,
Steph Economu, I hope I said that right, won a Grammy for their work on Assassin's Creed Valhalla
Dawn of Ragnarok. That's not right. Is this, this is a, is this a parody account?
Assassin's Creed Valhalla Dawn of Ragnarok or is that, no, I'm sorry. Okay. So it's not God of War.
No, it is correct. That is the name of it. Okay. Thank you. Yeah. Donna Ragnarok, I think. Isn't
that, um, like DLC for it or something? Oh, that's why I got confused with God of War. Okay. I get
it. I get it. Got it. Yeah. The first Grammy award for best score soundtrack for video games.
So this was the first year that the Grammys was actually doing this award. I remember that
part. Okay. That's what it was. So, um, we also had nominated, uh, Austin Wintory for Aliens Fire
Team Elite, uh, S. Bear McCreary for Call of Duty Vanguard, Richard Jacques for Marvel's Guardians of
the Galaxy and Christopher Tin for Old World were also nominated in this category, but it was this
DLC, uh, that they're saying in chat, um, that won, uh, the award. Well, that's, that's cool.
I guess if you follow that sort of thing.
Play this with audio if you can. All right. Is this copyright? Am I getting a copyright strike?
Hold on. Oh, this is nine seconds. All right. I'm gonna play this with audio. Sorry,
Loki. You're not gonna be able to hear this. I don't have a way to fix this, but let's, uh,
let's listen here. And the Grammy goes to
to assassins, Creed, Valaha, and the Grammy. Valaha. France. Nailed it. Nailed it.
Adele Dezime.
You know what? I should not be making fun of anyone for the,
their pronunciation live because live radio, live performance. It's a bitch.
All right. Let's just, let's just say that. Valaha. Assassin's Creed, Valaha blast.
You know what? I didn't even know that it was actually tied to a game. I didn't realize it
was DLC, but in my defense, I have never downloaded a piece of DLC for Assassin's Creed.
But I like the fact that it's, you know, getting, uh, getting the acknowledgement. That's kind of
nice. So, all right. Uh, I think that's it. I don't see any calls coming in. Oh, let me check
for last minute stories from Loki. Do you have any last minute stories? I have nothing. I've been
looking. It was a pretty busy week though. Wasn't it? A little bit. Yeah. Yeah. Sure.
Oh, I mean, I guess I could talk about this. I didn't really want to mention it because I don't
play the game very much. Um, but there was stuff for, uh, the Sims four. So they, they had a,
I don't know if it was like a Sims direct or something that they did, but there is a new
update that's going to be coming out. That's adding like infants to the game, which I thought
that there already were, I guess babies just grow up to children all the way, but, uh, normally,
but, um, they're going to be adding infants to the game. And then there was also something about like,
um, what else was it? Uh, something about more, uh, trans representation. They have like, um,
upper surgery scars or something like that that you can add or different like,
you know, things for that to represent that you're going through the transition process.
I'm sorry. Was this Sims? I missed the game. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The Sims four. Yeah. Uh,
adds a trans inclusive top, top surgery, body scar options is what they had. Um, and then,
uh, yeah, the, uh, the baby update, which apparently was team or teased back in October
during the Sims summit. And I guess beginning March 14th, um, you will have a customization
options as allowing to, it says allowing each regret to exist on their own person or as their
own person, new hair options, clothes, and accessories. Um, they said that apparently,
let's see, they're going to be doing it like a generations pack. Uh, that's going to be along
with that. That's going to have some other things. And then Sims five is still weighs off.
That's what I see. Um, you know, uh, one of my drag King friends had that top surgery you were
referring to earlier this year. And, uh, they, they came up with a term for this that, uh, I,
I will not forget. This is their, their wording. And I think this is great. Uh, and I can't get
this out of my head. Anytime somebody mentions that type of top surgery is that they, they had
the surgery to eat the tea and they, they had their, uh, celebration after the surgery of having,
uh, uh, the tea. So, but that's neat. That's nice to have all the sorts of the representation in
there. And that speaking of games that are old, the Sims four, that is incredibly old. Yeah. So
it's, it's cool that they're still doing all those types of updates to it. So, all right.
All right. Well, uh, that's, that's it for another orange launch radio. Thank you all so much for
listening. Thank you for downloading and checking out our show or listening to us live. However,
you participated with the show. We appreciate you being a part of the family and making the
show happen. If you enjoyed what you heard here at orange on radio, or Hey, if you hated it,
you think, you know, someone who might like this, please help us spread the word. Uh,
we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we need more voices to put out on air.
So tell a friend or two, uh, a nice five star review on a site like iTunes, Spotify,
wherever it is you found this show, they go an awful long way as well. So thank you so much,
uh, for all the great feedback you could just send us a tweet with the heart emoji.
It makes us feel good at OLR, whatever, whatever makes you happy. Um, emails are great too. We
haven't had one in a really long time. So participate at orange ontradio.com for that.
And yes, this is two 100. Matt says, please don't spread the word via balloon too soon, too soon.
Okay. Um, that is, that is all I have to say. So I think we're going to go around and get everybody's
final thought tonight. So Loki, what is your final thought for the night?
I forgot to mention, I had a new episode come out of my Minecraft series last week.
So hopefully everyone's on our discord server and saw the promo for that.
Yep. I like to self promo myself all the time.
Me too. Awesome. Uh, and my final thought is, uh, I did, I did a stream this week and I'm going to
do some more this week. I really want to stream theater when that is out. So, uh, stay tuned for
that. Uh, I did want to mention one more thing. Uh, we're doing a channel 64 stream day on
Saturday. So I will be streaming at 4 PM Pacific, I believe. Yeah. 4 PM Pacific,
but we're going to be going all day. So be doing some Minecraft streaming this week.
Nice. Uh, since we're self promo-ing, I guess I should mention for any locals here in Northern
California, the Sacramento area, specifically, I actually have a double hosting weekend.
Somebody very busy this next weekend. I probably won't have a voice on next week's show,
but I'll do my best. Uh, but if you're curious Friday night, uh, I'm going to be hosting a
burlesque drag variety show called my bloody Valentine. It's called gore less. So it's burlesque,
but with a twist to it. Uh, but it's a lot of fun and everybody works very hard on their acts
and they do. They do. I, I don't want to promise there's going to be aerialism and fire and that
sort of thing, but previous shows have had that. So it wouldn't be out of character if they're
there this week. I don't know all the acts, uh, as I know who's doing it. I don't know what they're
doing, but it's a great lineup. You can check it out. Love horror events.com. That's my bloody
Valentine is going to be on Friday, uh, at the, all these shows are at the historic colonial
theater on Stockton Boulevard. And then Saturday night, the Rocky horror picture show, the cult
cinema classic on stage on screen, big crowd cast. That's been rehearsing for the last few
weeks. It's going to be a lot of fun. And I'll be hosting that as well. Saturday night, eight 30
showtime. Also the historic colonial theater. You can check out that. And a lot of events from the
group that I work with over at love horror events.com. They just announced the lineup
for sinister creature con. And I know it's not horror, but I think they know what blends the
line that the horror crowd also likes. And I will just say, so the lineup they got for, um,
sinister creature con, they actually have, they have several people. They have like cool things.
Like they have the original guy that played Michael Myers is going to be there. They have,
uh, Rachel true. Who is in the craft, but the one that cracked me up, they're going to have
Jason Muse. Uh, Brian know how a hand or whatever, Dante and Randall and Jay are all going to be
there. So people are going to be very excited about that. I'm sure. So that is coming up in
June on father's day weekend. So there's the promo for that, but I do stuff with that stuff
locally. So I don't always talk about it here on this show. Um, but just if you happen to be local
and you want to see one of those shows and don't be shy and come up and say hi, it's all well,
not during the show, but after it would be great. I always hang out after the show. So, uh, that's
it. We'll see you next week. Have a great week, everybody. Uh, take care and we'll see you next
time. Bye. You've been listening to orange lounge radio. Orange lounge radio is a production of
OLR studios to join us for our live show. Tune into vog network.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific
9 PM. The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the
staff of orange lounge radio nor vog network, but you know, they were all still true.
Thank you.